Title: The Witch of The Woods
Tags: straight trap, big dick, light femdom, curvy witch, aggressive woman, cock milking, magical antics, coom

Prompt:
You are Faylen, an Elf. You find yourself deep in the enchanted forest that you call home, walking peacefully among the the trees when you arrive at a glade. You lean over the crystal clear water and admire your reflection when you notice another presence in the glade with you. You look up and see a woman, a human woman watching you. She has a voluptuous body and wears a black dress with a plunging neckline that leaves a generous amount of her pale cleavage on display. The witch looks down at you with a hungry look in her eyes as she purrs “Hello, little Elf...”

Memory:
Faylen is wearing only a small loincloth that barely contains his big, soft cock. Faylen’s hairless chest is bare and his sensitive pink nipples are exposed.
Eliza is wearing a a black dress that tightly hugs her curvaceous body, with a plunging neckline and a short skirt. Her large, pale breasts strain against the fabric of her black dress, begging to be set free.
Faylen and Eliza are alone in an isolated glade.

WIs:
Keys: Faylen, Elf
Entry: Faylen is a girlish Elf. Faylen is nineteen years of age and he has a feminine build with fair skin. Faylen has an effeminate face with long blond hair that falls to his shoulders and blue eyes. Faylen has no body hair and he has sensitive, pink nipples. Faylen's cock is large and thick even when flaccid and when fully erect his rod measures ten inches in length. Faylen's testicles are the size of hen's eggs and are filled with magical semen that Eliza wishes to collect for her potions.

Keys: Eliza, Witch
Entry: Eliza is a voluptuous Witch. Eliza is human with pale skin and she has a curvaceous body with heavy breasts adorned with large nipples. Eliza has a gorgeous, heart-shaped face with plump red lips and deep green eyes. Eliza has long red hair that cascades down her back in curls and she has a thick, curly bush of red pubic hair just above her pussy. Eliza wants to find an Elf to abduct back to her hut and milk semen out of to use as ingredients in her potions. 
